---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "horizon_active_directory_domain Data Source - terraform-provider-horizon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for reading information about an Active Directory domain from Horizon.
---

# horizon_active_directory_domain (Data Source)

Data source for reading information about an Active Directory domain from Horizon.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **dns_name** (String) DNS name of the AD Domain.

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **ad_domain_auto_discovery** (Boolean) Auto discovers domain controllers. Auto discovery, AD domain controllers and preferred site name are mutually exclusive. Only one of them can be defined at a time. Default value is true.
- **ad_domain_context** (String) Active directory domain Context.
- **ad_domain_controllers** (Set of String) One or more AD domain controllers. Auto discovery, AD domain controllers and preferred site name are mutually exclusive. Only one of them can be defined at a time.
- **ad_domain_preferred_site** (String) ADDomain preferred domain site. Auto discovery, AD domain controllers and preferred site name are mutually exclusive. Only one of them can be defined at a time.
- **auxiliary_accounts** (Set of Object) Auxiliary service accounts information of untrusted domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auxiliary_accounts))
- **domain_type** (String) AD Domain Type. CONNECTION_SERVER_DOMAIN: The domain having trust with connection server domain. NO_TRUST_DOMAIN: The domain not having any trust with connection server domain.
- **netbios_name** (String) NetBIOS name of the AD Domain.
- **port** (Number) Port of the server to connect to.
- **primary_account_password** (String, Sensitive) Information related to untrusted Domain service accounts. Service account user password.
- **primary_account_username** (String) Information related to untrusted Domain service accounts. Service account username.

<a id="nestedatt--auxiliary_accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auxiliary_accounts`

Read-Only:

- **id** (String)
- **username** (String)


