---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "horizon_active_directory_domain_user_or_group Data Source - terraform-provider-horizon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Summary information related to AD Users or Groups. List API returning this summary information can use search filter query to filter on specific fields supported by filters. Supported Filters : 'And', 'Or', 'Equals', 'StartsWith', 'Contains'. See the field description to know the filter types it supports.
---

# horizon_active_directory_domain_user_or_group (Data Source)

Summary information related to AD Users or Groups. List API returning this summary information can use search filter query to filter on specific fields supported by filters. Supported Filters : 'And', 'Or', 'Equals', 'StartsWith', 'Contains'. See the field description to know the filter types it supports.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **filter** (String) A JSON string containing the filter to use to find the Active Directory User or Group. The filter must find exactly 1 result or an error will be returned.

### Optional

- **group_only** (Boolean) If passed as "true", then only groups are returned. If passed as "false", then only users are returned. If not passed passed at all, then both types are returned
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **container** (String) AD container for this user or group.
- **description** (String) Description number of this user or group. Supported Filters : 'Equals', 'StartsWith', 'Contains'.
- **display_name** (String) Login name with domain of this user or group.
- **distinguished_name** (String) Active Directory distinguished name for this user or group.
- **domain** (String) DNS name of the domain in which this user or group belongs. Supported Filters : 'Equals'. Also, if 'Or' filter is used anywhere in filter string for this model class, then that 'Or' filter should nest only 'Equals' filter on 'domain' or 'id' field.
- **email** (String) Email address of this user or group. Supported Filters : 'Equals', 'StartsWith', 'Contains'.
- **first_name** (String) First name of this user or group.
- **group** (Boolean) Indicates if this object represents a group.  This field is NOT supported in filter string. To use any filter on 'group', use 'group_only' query param directly.
- **guid** (String) GUID of the user or group in RFC 4122 format. Supported Filters : 'Equals'.
- **kiosk_user** (Boolean) Indicates if this user or group is a "kiosk user" that supports client authentication. Client authentication is the process of supporting client devices directly logging into resources.
- **last_name** (String) Last name of this user or group.
- **login_name** (String) Login name of this user or group. Supported Filters : 'Equals', 'StartsWith', 'Contains'.
- **long_display_name** (String) Login name, domain and name for this user or group, else display name
- **name** (String) Name of this user or group. Supported Filters : 'Equals', 'StartsWith', 'Contains'.
- **phone** (String) Phone number of this user. Supported Filters : 'Equals', 'StartsWith', 'Contains'.
- **user_display_name** (String) User or group's display name. This corresponds with displayName attribute in AD.
- **user_principal_name** (String) User Principal name(UPN) of this user. Supported Filters : 'Equals', 'StartsWith', 'Contains'.


