---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "horizon_vcenter_server Data Source - terraform-provider-horizon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for reading information about a vCenter from Horizon.
---

# horizon_vcenter_server (Data Source)

Data source for reading information about a vCenter from Horizon.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `server_name` (String) Virtual Center's server name or IP address.

### Read-Only

- `deployment_type` (String) Indicates different environments that Horizon can be deployed into. GENERAL: Horizon is deployed on On-premises. AZURE: Horizon is deployed on Azure. AWS: Horizon is deployed on AWS. DELL_EMC: Horizon is deployed on Dell EMC. GOOGLE: Horizon is deployed on Google Cloud. ORACLE: Horizon is deployed on Oracle Cloud.
- `description` (String) Human readable description of the Virtual Center instance.
- `display_name` (String) Human readable name of the Virtual Center instance.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the virtual center is enabled.
- `has_virtual_tpm_pools` (Boolean) Indicates if there is any instant clone Desktop pool associated with this Virtual Center which has addVirtualTPM set
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instance_uuid` (String) Virtual center's instanceUuid.
- `maintenance_mode` (Boolean) Indicates if maintenance or upgrade task is scheduled on Virtual center or hosts
- `port` (Number) Port of the virtual center to connect to.
- `se_sparse_reclamation_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if Storage Efficiency Sparse (seSparse) reclamation is enabled.
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) Indicates if SSL should be used when connecting to the server.
- `user_name` (String) User name to use for the connection.
- `version` (String) Version of the Virtual Center.


