---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "horizon_vcenter_base_vm_snapshot Data Source - terraform-provider-horizon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for snapshot information for a base VM.
---

# horizon_vcenter_base_vm_snapshot (Data Source)

Data source for snapshot information for a base VM.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **base_vm_id** (String) VM ID
- **path** (String) VM snapshot path.
- **vcenter_id** (String) Virtual Center ID

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **created_timestamp** (Number) Epoch time in milli seconds, when the VM snapshot was created.
- **description** (String) Description of the VM snapshot.
- **disk_size_mb** (Number) Sum of capacities of all the virtual disks in the VM snapshot, in MB.
- **hardware_version** (Number) VM snapshot hardware version
- **incompatible_reasons** (Set of String) Reasons that may preclude this VM snapshot from being used in linked/instant clone desktop pool or farm creation.
- **max_number_of_monitors** (Number) Maximum number of monitors set in SVGA settings for the VM snapshot in vCenter.
- **max_resolution_of_any_one_monitor** (String) Maximum resolution of any one monitor set in SVGA settings for the VM snapshot in vCenter.
- **memory_mb** (Number) The physical memory size of VM snapshot, in MB
- **memory_reservation_mb** (Number) Amount of memory that is guaranteed available to the virtual machine, in MB.
- **name** (String) VM snapshot name.
- **renderer3d** (String) Indicate how the virtual video device for the VM snapshot renders 3D graphics. Will be set only if VM snapshot supports 3D functions. MANAGE_BY_VSPHERE_CLIENT: 3D rendering managed by vSphere Client. AUTOMATIC: 3D rendering is automatic. SOFTWARE: 3D rendering is software dependent. The software renderer is supported (at minimum) on virtual hardware version 8 in a vSphere 5.0 environment. HARDWARE: 3D rendering is hardware dependent. The hardware-based renderer is supported (at minimum) on virtual hardware version 9 in a vSphere 5.1 environment. DISABLED: 3D rendering is disabled.
- **total_video_memory_mb** (Number) Total video memory in MB set in SVGA settings for the VM snapshot in vCenter.
- **vgpu_type** (String) NVIDIA GRID vGPU type configured on this VM snapshot.


